Today, I am a member of the nine ethnic groups in Southern Province
Successfully killed the Kylin Stone Destroyer
operate
No legend
rising trend
No one can stop it
And you directed and staged this ridiculous farce
In the end, he didn't squat there like a dog
Watch us do it
I don't even dare to scream
And what is your mother still doing there?
Get over here
Beheaded the last stone statue
I'll give you one more chance to pull back from the brink
Cut him off
I can let go of what happened before
Look for me
It's you who should stop at the precipice.
Give face, don't be cheap
You want to kill people who want to touch me
You are not good enough
The power of mortals dares to confront power
What a joke
God of War solves this fight
Or leave it to me to be arrogant
So good
Xiao family swordsmen
Cross my Xiao family prestige
How should it be?
Change me Xiao family grower
So what?
Knife Chong Blood Sword
Kill feed
Revenge the old family